[Music]
[Opening music continues]
Hello, PLLI!
Wait—I forgot to put in my in-ears.
So today, we—actually, not we.
It's been a while since I...
wore my fox ears.
What do you think?
How do they look?
All right, then...
I'll greet you through the selfie camera too.
Yap!
Okay!
Oh!
A kiss for PLLI.
But everyone, do you know what's important?
Do you?
Bamby isn't here. I don't know why...
but Bamby is missing.
I think he went off to make an entrance.
I have no idea when he'll come back.
That's enough. Come back already.
Seriously... [Gasps]
I'm here.
Wait. [Laughs]
What is this?
PLLI, were you waiting for me?
Greetings.
Fox.
What?
Greetings.
What? Prince Bam has arrived.
Huh?
I was due at eight, but when did PLLI...
start feeling happy? What?
From seven?
Or from six?
[Laughs]
Is this romantic fantasy now?
It is.
[Clears throat] Bamby doesn’t know this genre either.
Hyung, do you know how to do it?
You can't approach romantic fantasy
like you're trying to be funny.
That won't work.
You shouldn't overact.
Then what should I do?
Just be yourself.
Be completely yourself.
Just as I am?
Yes. Think, ‘I'm the male lead
in this novel.’
Mm.
Or the male lead in this drama or film.
That's the feeling you need.
Oh. Then...
Yes. See? When you do it like that...
All right, then.
I'll give you a line.
PLLI, you're the only one for me.
Please accept my love.
See, that's the problem.
What's wrong with it?
That archaic ending. Oh...
Ah.
The moment you use it,
it turns into a historical drama.
Oh, so historical drama is different. Okay.
Watch. I'll deliver the same line.
First, that was an example of...
doing it wrong.
An example. Right.
PLLI, you're the only one for me.
Please accept my love.
Wow.
What does that become? Historical drama.
Exactly. But historical dramas
can have romantic fantasy too.
Really?
Of course, because...
you know.
Yes.
Even in a historical drama...
the male and female leads meet...
and you get scenes like that.
Right—under the moonlight.
Yes, under the moonlight.
The prince is there...
but the prince wouldn't suddenly say...
‘Oh, you're the only one for me.’
Right. How should he say it, then?
‘You're the only one for me.’
Keep it understated.
‘Are you truly going to be like this?
Please accept my love.’
That's how you have to deliver it.
[Snorts]
‘Please accept my love’—that line...
Yes. I was copying it from...
our lovely members who did this before.
I was imitating them.
Watching them, I realized...
something.
They got it very wrong.
That wasn't romantic fantasy.
No, it wasn't.
Mm.
Ah... [Sighs]
It was romantic fantastic.
Definitely not romantic fantasy.
It was a complete mess.
A total mess.
Was it a mess back then too?
It was a spectacular mess.
But one thing I can say for certain is...
let's show them.
What real romantic fantasy is.
Really?
I am...
I am the protagonist.
PLLI is all I have.
Uh...
No, no. That...
‘You, PLLI, are all I have.’
I'll try it.
Up to there.
Then, ‘Please accept my love.’
But that's a little too dull.
And strange.
‘Are you truly going to do this?’ [Laughs]
That's historical drama again.
Oh—historical drama.
‘Are you going to do this?’
‘Are you?’
I'll give it a try.
‘If you're leaving...’
‘If you're leaving...’ Ah.
If it's too long, shorten it.
‘If you're leaving...’
‘Come with me. Let us go together.’
‘Let us go together.’
Now let's make that sound impressive.
Okay.
Ready...
Action.
You're the only one...
for me.
Are you truly going to be like this?
If you're leaving, come with me.
That wasn't bad. Not bad.
Okay, okay.
You really acted exactly as you look.
Why aren't you doing it, hyung?
I'll do it too.
You have to.
Why should I be the only one?
I wouldn't have done it otherwise.
Okay, okay. Yes, you have to do it.
I'll show you.
You really have to be yourself.
Look—even the background...
It already has the right feeling.
This looks a little historical.
Right?
There's a lot of historical drama here.
Exactly. Just go with it like this.
Mm.
First, establish the opening.
That's the starting point.
‘You're the only one...’
‘for me. Are you truly going to do this?’
‘If you're leaving, let us go together.’
That's the feeling you need.
You do look rather desperate.
Yes, because...
‘Leaving? Then take me with you.’
Someone is chasing them right now.
That's the situation.
Ah.
‘Let us go together.’
‘Make haste and prepare.’
‘I shall go with you.’
‘Make haste!’ There's no time to prepare.
‘Let's go!’ Then they mount the horse...
I understood immediately.
That's how you have to approach it.
Eunho says on Weverse,
‘This is ipansa-pan.’
Why? What does he mean?
Yes, Eun...
That friend has lost his touch too.
Why? Why?
After hanging around with that line...
and doing things together...
he's lost his feel for it a little.
He's taken a wrong turn.
He may need some dongchimi to reset.
Look at this: ‘Your Highness's voice...’
‘is so cool. It feels like a real drama.’
See? There are so many great comments.
What is this?
It seems to be building gradually.
‘Noah is good at this.’
‘He's good.’ See?
PLLI clearly agrees.
This is how you do it.
I love it.
Then this...
Yes.
Maybe...
Why do I keep wanting to do this? [Laughs]
Let's try it.
What? I wasn't going to suggest it.
Let’s do it. Wait—what’s happening?
Didn't you just suggest it?
Okay, let's do it. Or not.
I wasn't planning to.
Then we won't.
No—you opened with it today.
So... [Laughs]
Right. Romantic fantasy.
There isn't actually much to do.
Nothing in particular.
My very existence is romantic fantastic.
I become romance itself.
But you can't say it like that.
That won't work.
Lower your voice by one tone...
and add some breath. That's all.
Just like this?
Like that...
In that state.
Keep exactly that tone.
Now continue.
Where are you going?
I told you to stay beside me.
That's the feeling.
Understand? Now show us.
Go on. [Laughs]
[Snorts] Let's move on.
Why won't you show us? Hurry.
You haven't done it.
I did.
What am I supposed to say?
‘Where are you going? Stay beside me.’
[Clears throat]
Do it properly this time.
No joking—seriously.
Okay, okay.
This is what PLLI wants.
They don't want you to joke around.
They don't want comedy here.
You have to interpret it properly.
Where are you going?
Don't make me laugh. [Laughs]
Why...
Be quiet for a moment. Okay, I got it.
I understand.
He's really concentrating.
Okay, okay.
[Sighs]
Where are you going? Stay by my side.
That was a little...
It was completely predictable, but...
it wasn't bad, right?
That clip will be everywhere.
Okay. Seriously?
It'll be replayed a lot, but that's fine.
Seriously, seriously.
I told you I was concentrating.
Our PLLI will save this...
and put it on their phones.
You know those moving wallpapers?
They can include sound now too.
Or when a call comes in...
Yes.
it'll probably be their ringtone.
[Snorts]
Seriously, look. I'm so happy.
I love this. You did so well.
Look at this one. Where is it?
Not just the ‘don't come’ one. [Laughs]
This is it. This one.
Why are they only laughing?
‘Well done! You're so cool!’ See?
‘You did well. You're cute.’
That's what they're saying.
Okay, okay, okay.
See? I told you.
Okay.
Okay, let's move on.
All right.
And another thing...
What are we choosing?
Our romantic-fantasy roles.
Yejun apparently chose Crown Prince.
That's his role.
Mm.
Eunho is Captain of the Knights.
And Hamin is...
the Grand Duke of the North.
I asked about ‘Bukgugom’...
‘Bukgugom.’
I thought it said ‘polar bear.’
You just read whatever you wanted.
Yes. Hamin the polar bear.
Polar bear.
Yes.
Then what will Bamby choose?
What's your role?
Me?
I have to be the Little Prince.
The Little Prince?
Yes. Just naturally the Little Prince.
The Little Prince.
Then...
I'll be Gatsby. The Great Gatsby.
Gatsby. Oh.
What do you think?
That sounds cool.
The Great Gatsby. Nice.
In Noah's case, though...
there isn't much else to say.
Isn't ‘prince’ simply the perfect role?
Nothing else...
Yes, just that.
Could you make it more specific?
Just take me exactly as I am.
Simply...
keep the era vague.
Yes.
You know—‘the prince of somewhere.’
It could be inside a novel...
or from some historical period.
Any era.
It could be in a film...
or a fantasy. Honestly...
I think all of them suit me.
An open ending—decide for yourselves.
That's the idea. Honestly, I'm just...
I like that. But tell me...
Are you a princess or a prince? [Laughs]
I'm a prince.
Yes, well...
The fans call me a princess...
so I simply accepted it.
Okay.
Actually...
I can be either one. I can do it all.
Exactly. You can do it all.
Excellent.
And on that subject...
Yes.
Before the stream...
Mm.
I realized I've gained
a clear understanding of myself.
It's very clear now.
Really? Once I accepted that I'm cute...
I started feeling much more at ease.
[Laughs]
Wow. That's incredible, hyung.
How much more at ease are you?
At first, I couldn't really understand it.
No, what I mean is...
I never thought I was cute...
in my entire life.
But then...
not long ago...
during a Weverse Live, our fans...
kept saying, ‘Noah is so cute.’
They said it so many times.
Had you really never been called cute...
before in your life?
Almost never.
Maybe a few times, but honestly...
I always thought I was far from cute.
I'm not someone who normally...
acts all tiny and adorable.
That's what I thought.
So I never really tried, but PLLI...
kept saying it over and over.
Eventually I acknowledged it on stream.
I admitted it.
What did you say?
‘Okay, I admit I'm cute.’
I gave them that.
Once I did, I felt so much better.
Ah.
Ah... [Sighs]
From then on, I finally...
understood myself.
Han Noah finally knew his place:
‘I'm a cute person.’
Mm.
That's what I realized.
I see. Then I thought about it...
and PLLI also calls me sexy.
What exactly are you, hyung?
I don't know. Apparently I'm sexy...
a prince...
a princess, mature, and cute.
The protagonist too.
Yes. They attach every label to me.
How can they give you everything?
What am I supposed to do?
I kept wondering what to do.
I thought about it constantly.
But you admitted you're cute, hyung.
Now you have to show us some aegyo.
Being cute and doing aegyo are different.
There's natural, unintentional cuteness...
and then there's deliberately acting cute.
They're not the same.
Then don't force it.
Right. [Laughs]
Yes.
What? They're asking for a selfie.
But hyung, you said you feel at ease now.
I can't do things like that.
No—hyung, just do whatever feels comfortable.
Seriously, stop. I can't do it.
I said stop.
Since when? This is already it.
What you're doing right now is cute.
PLLI finds this whole thing adorable, right?
Right.
See? If you agree, we'll move on.
Now, Bamby...
I can't accept it.
Bamby.
What? I feel deeply uncomfortable.
Being called cute genuinely stresses me out.
I understand that. But you're good at aegyo.
You really are.
No.
I'm not cute.
That's ridiculous.
I don't know how to do aegyo. [Laughs]
Wait. But that little gesture just now...
Stop doing that now.
Then what should I do?
Do it properly.
Please stop that now.
What even counts as real aegyo?
You saw what just came out naturally.
That was genuinely spontaneous.
Don't try to make it funny.
Was that supposed to be real?
You do that all the time.
No! Hyung, that was...
the first time I've ever done that.
You do it all the time.
‘When did you get here?’
That one might actually be new.
‘Why did you come?’
Okay, okay, okay.
Fine. I just saw it for the first time...
so I'll accept that. Today was not easy.
And then there's Yejun.
He left us the words,
‘Aegyo is repetition.’
That's a legendary quote.
It's like one of hyung's life lessons.
Right. His aegyo is more about momentum.
That's what drives it.
If he keeps repeating it with momentum...
you have no choice but to laugh.
Eventually you lose your resistance...
to all that momentum.
Then you think, ‘Oh, this really is cute.’
Even I ended up reacting that way.
It's more funny than cute.
No—well, that's true.
But it is kind of cute.
Right. Of course it is.
Isn't simply existing already cute?
He has king-level cuteness. King-cute.
Yes, Yejun really is king-cute.
That took an unexpected turn.
You really are uncomfortable with this.
Okay, enough.
Anyway, given my current situation...
I decided...
to post a poll on Bubble.
What was the result?
Let's check it now.
When did you post it?
About an hour and a half ago.
Before the stream.
Yes.
‘Cute’ is winning by a huge margin.
But turnout is still low, everyone.
Why have only 32 percent voted?
Only about a third.
It's been an hour.
The split is 72 to 26 percent.
Yes.
The current result looks decisive...
but only 32 percent have voted.
So we still don't know.
If more people...
take part...
the result could still change.
Please don't manipulate it.
Right.
See? Even now...
PLLI keeps calling me so cute...
so I've decided to accept that I'm cute.
I see. When you look at me, am I cute...
or sexy?
Cute. You think I'm cute?
Not sexy? You're an adorable little thing.
Really?
Our dear Noah...
Me? Yes.
You're cute.
Adorably so.
Understood.
Yes.
Oh... [Snorts]
Let's move on.
Good.
Now, there's Chobok...
Chobok...
Jungbok, and Malbok.
Those are Boknal days.
You usually eat samgyetang then.
We ate samgyetang on Chobok.
Yes.
I ate half a chicken.
Right.
I ate a whole one.
Not long ago.
What do you want to eat for Jungbok?
Apparently it's tomorrow.
Samgyetang again would be repetitive...
so how about fried chicken?
Fried chicken?
You're eating fried chicken tomorrow?
It's tomorrow?
Yes.
Tomorrow won't work for me.
Chicken...
Chicken breast.
Tomorrow? Yes, chicken breast tomorrow.
Right.
Ah... [Sighs]
But if you look at it that way...
I’ve kept eating chicken breast.
So every day is practically...
Chobok, Jungbok, and Malbok for me.
Every day repeats Jungbok.
Still, chicken breast is different.
Samgyetang contains...
healthier ingredients.
That's part of it.
Do you know what samgyetang really is?
Samgyetang...
uses what's called a yeongye.
A yeongye?
Yes.
It's...
a young chicken. That's what yeongye means.
But that young chicken...
doesn't have much meat on it.
Does yeong mean ‘young’?
Yes.
It's written with ‘young’ and the character for chicken.
Right. It's a collaboration...
between English and Chinese characters.
Ah.
A fusion. I see.
Yes, and that's why it's called yeongye.
But a yeongye...
doesn't have much to eat.
Its legs and wings are tiny.
They really are.
Isn't that basically a chick?
Exactly. So in the end...
the breast is the only substantial part.
[Sighs] It's chicken breast after all.
In the end...
that's what it comes down to.
Ah.
So either way...
maybe I'll have samgyetang tomorrow.
One bowl should be good.
That doesn't sound bad.
Samgyetang tomorrow.
It has jujubes and glutinous rice inside.
You know.
It’s delicious, and the filling...
is part of it.
You enjoy all of that.
That's one of its charms.
This is exactly when you should eat it.
Yes.
Everyone, have some samgyetang tomorrow.
Each of you...
Yes.
We can all eat it together tomorrow.
Shall we? Yes, let's eat together.
I'll have to get some.
Right. Good.
Let's all try some samgyetang.
Samgyetang it is.
That's decided.
And this is also the first time in a while...
that the two of us have done this kind of stream.
It's been a long time.
Do you know which stream was the last one?
Dujjonku.
Yes, Dujjonku.
Right. This is our first since that stream.
When was Dujjonku already?
Dujjonku appeared and vanished in a flash.
Hasn't it been a year?
Something like that.
Since our Dujjonku stream...
Dujjonku...
I think it's been about a year.
It was this year.
Oh, this year. Right.
Wasn't it last year? I remember...
we still have it in our refrigerator.
Oh, Dujjonku was popular this year.
Of course.
No, wait.
It was January 12.
Yes.
So the trend began last year...
and we did it in January this year.
Exactly. Oh, you're right.
Then it did become popular last year.
But January 12 practically feels like last year.
No, it doesn't. What year was it?
2026?
And what year is it now?
2026. Then it was this year.
But it feels...
If only twelve days of 2026 had passed...
it was basically still 2025.
That's how it feels.
Emotionally speaking.
Fine. Anyway...
this is our first duo stream since then.
How is it?
How is what? It feels exactly the same.
The same?
Yes.
Well, now I can't continue the stream.
[Laughs]
What was it, hyung? Ask again.
Go on.
How does it feel?
Honestly, I've wanted to do...
another duo stream with Bamby so badly.
Mm.
We haven't been able to do many...
so I was disappointed.
I'm really happy we're doing one today.
Hyung said exactly what I wanted to say.
This is driving me crazy.
I handed you...
the perfect opening. [Laughs]
Oh, that. You really...
what I learned from hyung.
If that was deliberate, you’ve grown.
I learned from you, hyung.
You calculated the perfect setup...
and handed it right to me.
You've become very advanced.
I learned from you, hyung. Okay.
Understood.
So why did we come to the countryside today?
Why are we here?
Hyung, you rented your grandmother's house.
Right.
Why did I rent it?
Why?
Bamby said he likes the countryside.
You rented it for me again?
At your birthday stream...
you said you liked the countryside.
The countryside likes me too.
So I made special arrangements...
with my grandmother and borrowed the house.
Wow. Do you like it?
I do. It feels very familiar here.
I want to lie down and sleep...
right where I'm sitting.
I want to grill thick pork belly here...
and dig a hole with a shovel.
Pork belly...
I want to wash dishes here too.
Yes.
And I want to go into that room...
and take a nap.
One question: why do you want
to dig up the ground?
Why a shovel?
Because it's fun.
Just for fun? Dig deep enough
and you'll find water.
So what you're saying is...
you want to do manual labor.
That's exercise too.
Ah.
That's real functional muscle.
Then if I need something heavy moved...
will you come over?
No. Why not?
Only here. [Laughs]
That's a shame.
Understood.
Now, today's Bamrin Prince...
Bamrin Prince.
I dressed for that concept today.
That's right.
Let's show PLLI properly.
But are these really Bamrin clothes?
I don't know either. [Laughs]
That's what I'm saying.
Really? Bamrin Prince.
Who named this the Bamrin Prince outfit?
I did.
Who decided these clothes belonged...
to the Bamrin Prince?
Let's see. What part looks Bamrin?
What part makes you a Bamrin Prince?
It's just...
Ah.
Green. What do green and pink...
have to do with a prince? The shoes?
Shall we just say they do?
Okay. Show us your walk, then.
Go ahead.
Is it over already?
Dun-dun, dun-dun-dun-dun...
Okay. The color combination...
It does give off a Little Prince feeling.
Okay, I get it. Let's say it does.
You've all seen my outfit plenty of times.
That tail is quite something.
May I touch it? Sure.
How is it?
It's fixed in place. Yes, it is.
It's very fluffy.
Fluffy, right? [Snorts]
It has another feature too.
How does it work? It goes straight through.
Uh...
It passes through everything.
It really does. Yes, everything.
That's the tail's special feature.
Oh. [Clears throat]
Good. I was trying to show them...
but you switched the camera so quickly...
that they missed it.
Anyway... [Clears throat]
Bamby's birthday...
wasn't long ago.
Ten days ago.
Your birthday was ten days ago.
What's today's date?
The 25th—no, the 24th.
Then it was nine days ago.
Your birthday is July 15.
Right.
Time for a quiz.
Hyung...
Wow, you don't know.
I know it's in April, right?
Stop joking. [Laughs]
Enough joking.
Why are you teasing me? June.
June. Fine, you got the month.
I'm only asking for months on this stream.
Okay. I won't ask for the day.
Months only. Fine—June.
Nam Yejun...
Are we doing a joke stream...
Are you serious? When is Yejun’s birthday?
Wow, I'm in trouble.
Wait—don't type it in chat.
What month is Nam Yejun's birthday?
Seriously, wait.
Uh...
Why is the chat...
No hints. Seriously, don't joke.
What month?
October.
Nam Yejun: October.
Okay. Yoo Hamin?
November.
Yoo Hamin: November.
Okay.
Next, Do Eunho.
Eunho is April.
Eunho: April.
And you?
I'm July. July.
Okay.
Then what day in June is Han Noah's?
Which day?
Let's not go that far today.
We came all the way to the countryside.
Then let's reverse it, hyung. I'll quiz you.
Months only? Good.
I know all of them. Months only, okay.
What did I say?
Now we'll go in reverse.
Do Eunho. Okay, Do Eunho.
Can I change the month?
Can you change it? Sure.
You can.
Fine. Do Eunho...
May.
The 24th.
Wow.
Or was it the 23rd?
[Laughs] [Gasps] Yoo Hamin is easy.
Yoo Hamin...
You don't know. The 11th.
November 11.
No—November 1.
Is it the 11th or the 1st?
Eleven-zero-one.
It's 11/01.
Okay, okay.
Why? It is the 1st, right?
Right, right.
Okay, understood.
What did you think it was, hyung?
Hyung, what is Yoo Hamin’s date?
It is the 1st.
Okay.
You said the 11th.
No. Nam Yejun...
Nam Yejun's birthday...
is in September.
September?
Correct. Wow.
You survived that one. [Laughs]
Amazing. What day?
You don't know the day.
Let me guess. I know it.
Then what day?
I'll answer immediately.
No, wait. Shall we say it together?
Stop joking. [Laughs]
I...
I'll say it. Fine.
Okay.
I'll answer right away. No joking.
Write one down—no, let me answer alone.
I'll say it.
Why do I have to go first?
Because you don't know. I do.
Forgot, hyung? Is this a test?
That could be it.
Fine. I'll write my answer here first.
Write yours too.
Okay, okay.
I'm serious. You answer...
and then I'll show what I wrote.
Okay.
I've written it down.
Got it.
Was this part of the planned segment?
Yes.
Oh, sure. [Laughs]
One, two, three.
What? The 13th?
You wrote 13?
Twelve—oh, you wrote 13.
Bamby's answer: September 13.
Twelve.
Han Noah's answer: September 12.
Next, Han Noah's birthday.
Hyung's birthday? I know that.
Honestly, I really hope you do.
What month?
Which month?
All right—which month?
February.
The 10th.
I'm writing it down now.
[Laughs]
[Gasps] This is driving me crazy.
What day is it?
Come on.
The 10th.
February 10. Han Noah: February 10.
Okay.
Now...
Okay. I can't get the pen to work.
The 10th is correct.
It won't write.
Okay. Let's reveal the answers.
Han Noah's birthday...
First, it's in February.
I...
Yes, February 10.
February 10.
But it sounded like you said June.
No, I said February 10.
Ah, your pronunciation...
Yes.
The pronunciation.
February. February.
Ah! [Laughs] That's why.
Those two sound confusing.
I seriously need to fix that.
You meant to say February 10, right?
That's what you wanted to say?
When will I ever fix this?
Okay. Honestly...
I'll accept February 10.
I'll count it as correct.
Don't change your answer.
Okay. Han Noah's birthday...
is February 10.
The 10th?
Seriously. Yes, the 10th.
The 12th, 11th, 10th... [Laughs]
February 10.
The 10th.
It's February 10, right?
February 10.
The date is...
02/10.
Yes, 02/10.
Right. The 10th.
The 10th.
Nam Yejun is September 12, right?
Okay, correct. I got that one.
And yours is the 15th. Correct.
Mine? Yes.
Yoo Hamin is November 1.
That's correct, right? Right.
Do Eunho is May 24, right?
Or was it the 23rd?
It's the 24th. I'm completely sure.
One hundred percent.
The 24th.
Seriously... Right?
You got it.
See?
Don't try to take credit for my answer.
You weren’t perfect either, hyung.
I got them all right.
I got every single one.
[Laughs]
Now, Yoo Hamin...
Forgetting that badly is a talent too.
This is fun. [Laughs]
But do you know what's funny?
Yoo Hamin didn't know either.
Of course he didn't.
He's watching from home thinking...
‘Next time Noah-hyung asks, I'll know,’
and memorizing everything right now.
Do you think he has learned them already?
He probably has. Then he'll come after Bamby.
He understands variety shows.
He's good.
Hamin really is good at it.
Wow.
What? What is it?
Our background just...
Did something go wrong?
Look over there in the background.
There are four slices of watermelon.
Who am I sharing them with?
This is where the music should start.
Yes.
[They imitate a jingle]
[The jingle continues]
Another fun day at Noah's place.
Today, Bamby is visiting.
Now, the onggi jars over there...
have kimchi stew inside.
Kimchi stew?
Inside those jars.
Of course.
Not gochujang or doenjang...
but kimchi stew.
There's kimchi stew inside?
Of course.
Are you aging it in there?
You mean kimchi-jjim?
Yes.
[Panting]
The kimchi-jjim is really in there?
[Laughs] Yes. Okay.
I said it is.
Okay.
Moving on...
Good.
Okay.
[Sighs]
‘Noah and Bamby, I watched the birthday stream.’
They're asking about ‘Suki Sugite Metsu!’
How did you make it?
‘Suki Sugite Metsu!’
They seem very curious...
about the behind-the-scenes story.
Of course.
But I think the other three...
already talked about it quite a lot.
Do you know how much they revealed?
Of course.
You know?
What did they say?
How much did they reveal?
Of course. Didn't you watch their stream?
You know I didn't watch it.
Why not?
I barely saw any of it. [Laughs]
What? I thought you'd watched it.
You kept acting like you had.
So what did they say?
Well...
What was it again?
Why pretend if you didn't watch it?
They talked about the rap part...
and how an unfamiliar voice suddenly appeared.
They explained all of that.
They also discussed the acting scenes.
They watched everything...
and talked about all of it.
You saw them discuss that?
Yes. I even did a Weverse Live about it.
Because of that.
Really? Yes.
Okay.
Then what haven't we told them?
What behind-the-scenes story is left?
Hmm.
Something we haven't discussed...
Let's see.
For this cover...
everything moved rather urgently.
If we'd formally booked our recording studio...
brought in the engineer...
and had a Japanese pronunciation coach there...
Yes.
Right.
the recording would have taken far too long.
That's what I thought.
Especially because it was Japanese.
Yes.
So...
I knew my heart would start racing...
if it dragged on.
I decided we had to move quickly.
Because it naturally could have taken ages.
Right.
So I thought...
it would be better if I handled it quickly.
Right, right.
I said I'd take charge.
Then I brought them in one by one.
I sat down...
placed each member right beside me...
and we really did move quickly.
We recorded one person at a time.
I took all the short lines...
and assembled them rapidly.
Right.
Then, after each line was sung...
we finished assembling it...
and asked, ‘How is the pronunciation?’
Right. ‘This part isn't good.’ Okay...
then record it again.
We put it together like Lego pieces...
and finished quite quickly.
Yes.
And then...
especially the rap.
The rap...
featured a very unfamiliar voice.
But honestly...
this is how I see it.
When you make a cover song...
Yes.
if you sing it exactly like the original artist...
with exactly the same vocal color...
and imitate everything perfectly...
why not simply listen to the original?
That's what I think.
If you're going to make a cover...
it needn’t be a full reinterpretation...
but it should contain...
some of PLAVE's own character.
I felt we needed that special point.
Something distinctive.
But the members kept saying...
‘This doesn't sound like my voice.’
They were worried about that.
I told them no.
‘That's the killer detail.’
I think the rap part...
is the cover's biggest highlight.
Looking at the whole thing...
I desperately wanted to record mine again.
Yes.
I think I sang it once or twice.
Maybe only once.
Right. You said, ‘This is enough.’
No. If I remember correctly...
I didn't use your second take.
I think I used the entire first take.
That's why I thought it made no sense.
Even as we were leaving...
and recording other parts...
you kept asking to record it again.
I told you, ‘Go home. It's done.’ [Laughs]
That really happened.
But it came out well...
and the fans loved it.
That's what surprised me.
From now on, trust me.
Now that hyung’s instincts were proven right...
you can say things like that.
Understood. Do you understand now? Yes.
So that was another behind-the-scenes story.
And also...
during filming...
During filming...
we tried very hard to look genuinely excited.
We really did.
Right.
We wanted to truly enjoy the song.
That was our mindset with the original.
So I danced much bigger...
and exaggerated every movement.
Right.
People really liked that.
Yes. And this part...
was almost a full burpee.
Yes. Seriously.
I deliberately made everything bigger...
and gave it everything I had.
It felt like my body was breaking.
Ah...
Anyway, that happened.
That's the story.
It was a very fun project.
Yes, it was fun.
We worked very hard on it...
and the response was wonderful.
That makes us so happy.
Thank you for enjoying it, everyone.
Thank you so much.
Truly.
Now that we've talked about that...
I'm the MC today.
So I'll lead the show, understood?
All right?
Hyung and I, compared with our debut days...
you and I have become much closer.
Become what? Closer.
Okay.
Yes, much closer.
In The Little Prince...
they call that being tamed.
I think you've been tamed by me.
Ah.
So that's why I'm the fox today.
You didn't know? No, I didn't.
I was wondering why today...
I kept wondering, ‘Why am I the fox?’
That's what I was thinking.
Seriously?
The Little Prince.
Oh, so that's why I'm the fox.
The pieces finally fit, don't they?
Now the puzzle makes sense.
This is the greatest plot twist.
So that's what it was.
The ultimate suspense.
[Snorts]
Even while reading the script...
I couldn't understand why it said ‘tamed.’
The Little Prince and the fox—you know.
Yes.
Isn't that the story?
The one where he raises it?
Right. That's the one.
Exactly.
I didn't realize. I did read it...
but it was so long ago.
Now you finally know.
I understand now.
Nearly 37 minutes into the stream...
Noah is finally discovering...
what today's concept is.
Meanwhile, our Bamby...
is so quick and accurate.
Impressive as always.
Ah, we did well with this.
Now I understand, hyung.
You're my pet—the cute pet.
Okay, okay.
[Sighs] Now that we've come this far...
we can't simply claim we've been tamed.
That wouldn't prove anything.
Let’s test how well we know each other.
how well Noah-hyung and I know each other.
We'll find out.
How will we test it?
How about singing a song?
Can singing prove that?
No, it can't.
It just fits the flow of the show.
Oh, just for the transition. Okay.
Then we'll need microphones.
We'd appreciate some microphones.
Here they come—yap!
Okay.
May I warm up my voice first?
May I?
I just went straight into it. [Laughs]
[Clears throat]
Ah... ha...
[Vocal warm-up]
[Groans]
[Noah sings a playful line]
They say Bonggu is doing a good job hosting.
[Singing]
[Vocal warm-up]
[Playful crying]
Ah.
Amazing.
[Snorts]
Wow, I...
I said I was eating it.
What? I don't know.
Seriously.
Taking Yonggaksan really does something.
What does it do?
First, there's the placebo effect.
Ah. [Laughs]
It gives you a sense of reassurance.
So it has that effect. But actually...
it does settle your throat a little.
What was that? You startled me.
My hand was already over here.
Mm-hm.
Ah.
What song should we sing?
[Sighs] PLLI keeps suggesting songs.
PLLI?
Yes, PLLI.
Looking at their suggestions...
there are a lot.
They're asking for ‘Manchan-ga’...
and ‘My Heart.’
What else?
They want ‘My Heart.’
They're asking for Yonggaksan?
Yes, Yonggaksan. What else?
Anything?
Ah.
There are several other requests too.
All kinds of songs.
Sorry, Little Prince.
That isn't what we prepared today.
[Clears throat] ‘Love Rain.’
‘Love Rain’?
Ah.
Aha.
Na-ha...
Let's try it. Are you ready?
Yes, let's go. Okay. [Clears throat]
Please turn the backing track up...
like before.
Please start it.
[Music]
[They prepare to sing]
[Noah and Bamby sing ‘Love Rain’]
[Music]
[They sing]
[Singing]
[Singing continues]
[They sing ‘Love Rain’]
[Singing]
[Singing continues]
[They vocalize]
[Singing]
[Singing continues]
[They sing together]
[Singing]
[Singing continues]
[Music]
[They sing]
[Singing continues]
[They sing together]
[Music]
[Singing]
[They continue singing ‘Love Rain’]
[Music]
[Singing]
[Singing continues]
[Music]
[They sing together]
[Singing continues]
[Music]
I got all the lyrics wrong.
This is rather difficult.
Ah.
[Music fades]
I made so many mistakes.
We can do it once more.
Really?
Shall we try again? That wasn't bad.
Wait—let me check. This is confusing.
The Korean lyrics are really difficult.
Exactly.
No, that isn't it. In the middle...
could you show the middle lyrics again?
Just once?
That middle part suddenly appeared...
differently, so I got confused.
[Snorts] You know the middle section?
Where it repeats the same syllable...
That part, hyung.
Right. That part looked wrong.
It threw me off. Lower down.
I meant to mention it earlier...
but couldn't.
No, wait.
Here.
This version is correct.
No, I mean at the very beginning.
Okay—where is it? Here.
That syllable has to appear three times.
It should look like this.
Right, right.
Some lyrics are missing there.
[They count the repeated syllables]
It should be four times—four.
Add a space after that word...
then one more after the next repetition.
In the first line, it should repeat...
four times like this.
And over there too...
that's the same phrase, right?
Then it continues like this.
Right. This part is confusing.
This word is correct, and the next one too.
Right, right. That's it.
[They test the phrase]
Okay, that's correct.
Do it that way.
Next, please show the Korean lyrics again.
[Clears throat]
[They review the Korean lyric line]
[They continue reading the line]
I can't pronounce this part.
[Laughs] [They repeat the difficult phrase]
Please keep that in mind while listening.
[They practice the phrase]
[They stumble over repeated consonants]
[They try the line again]
[They exaggerate the pronunciation] [Laughs]
Wow, I can't pronounce this.
I told you—there are three R sounds.
[They try the phrase]
[Another failed attempt] [Laughs]
This can't be helped.
Then let's rewrite it phonetically...
so it's easier to read.
Use that pronunciation.
Okay. Next is my part.
[They review the next lyric]
No—this wording.
Yes, that version.
[They read the following line]
[They correct one word]
There it is. That's right.
Okay. Next, the next section.
[Clears throat]
[They practice the Japanese line]
[Singing]
I can’t say it. Neither could I.
I used a different sound, honestly.
[They compare pronunciations]
This is extremely difficult.
[They repeat the difficult word]
I'll have to pronounce it this way.
[They test the altered pronunciation]
Okay. Give it that kind of feeling.
[They practice the line]
[They continue with the next phrase]
This part here.
That's it, right? Okay.
Write the long vowel clearly here.
Use the extended spelling. Okay.
Okay.
Is it this pronunciation or that one?
Okay, I'm ready.
Let's go.
We should stand up. Ready?
Yes. [Snorts]
[Clears throat]
Ah... [Clears throat]
All right.
It doesn't matter how we sing it, right? Okay.
Sing while looking at the guide.
Got it. Just follow the feeling.
If one person stands, we both stand.
Okay.
Yes.
[Music]
[They begin the second take]
[Singing]
[They continue the second take]
[Music]
[Singing]
[They sing together]
[Music]
[Singing continues]
[They sing the Korean section]
[They sing]
[Music and singing]
[They continue the song]
[Music]
[Singing]
[Singing continues]
[They sing together]
[Singing]
[Singing continues]
[They sing]
[Music]
[They sing the Japanese section]
[Singing]
[Music]
[They call out during the song]
[Singing]
[Music]
[They sing]
[Singing continues]
[Music]
[Excited shouts]
Wow! [Music]
Wow!
[Music]
Hey!
Wow.
Now, wait...
All right.
We did make mistakes again.
Let's stop here before it gets frustrating.
It can't be helped—we didn't practice enough.
We decided to do this very suddenly.
That's why.
Yes.
Still, I'm glad we could share it with you.
Yes. Next time...
we can practice more and sing it again.
That would be good.
And we have one more song.
Good.
We couldn't prepare the songs you requested.
Even so...
we did prepare this one.
We hope you'll listen and enjoy it.
Yes. [Clears throat] [Coughs]
All right.
Please listen. Who starts?
Hyung. Oh, I start. Okay.
Yes.
[Snorts]
Wow, it's been so long since this song.
[Clears throat]
Uh...
[Noah and Bamby begin another song]
[Singing]
[They sing together]
[Singing continues]
[Singing]
[They continue the song]
[Singing continues]
[Music]
[Singing]
[They continue singing]
[Music]
[Singing continues]
[Singing]
[They sing together]
[Music]
[Singing continues]
[They sing]
[Singing]
[The song continues]
[Music]
[They continue singing]
[Singing]
[Singing continues]
[Music]
[Singing]
[They sing together]
[Singing continues]
[Singing]
[The song continues]
[Music]
[Singing]
[They sing together]
[Music]
[Singing continues]
[Singing]
[They sing together]
[Music]
[Singing]
[The song continues]
[They continue singing]
[Music]
[Singing]
[They sing together]
[Singing continues]
[Music]
[They sing]
[Singing continues]
[Music]
[Singing]
[The song continues]
[They sing together]
[Music]
[Singing]
[They continue singing]
[They sing together]
[Final sung line]
[Cheers and excited shouts]
All right.
The song is over.
Those are all the songs we prepared.
That's it.
We prepared two songs...
and PLLI requested those two the most.
Right?
They wanted to hear us sing them together.
That's what they said.
The moment we mentioned singing...
those requests appeared in the comments.
Both of them.
We saw them and thought...
we’d be in trouble if we skipped them.
Right. Preparing both was smart.
So that's why we sang them.
Good, good.
Anyway, that's how it went.
Now, everyone...
we're moving into the main segment.
Here we go.
It's already been over three years...
since our activities began.
Shouldn’t we know each other’s parts?
At least those much.
Yes.
Shall we try?
So we have to complete each other's lyrics.
Okay. Bamby goes first.
Yes. Three songs each.
Good.
Yes.
What exactly do I do?
When the music plays, I’ll do Noah hyung’s part.
I have to give the lyric right before Noah-hyung's part.
So they stop immediately before my line.
Exactly.
We've performed so many concerts.
If you can’t do this, hyung, you’re in trouble.
Okay. What happens if I fail, hyung?
For hyung? A genuine incident.
If you fail...
Yes?
What happens?
That’s an incident, hyung. Seriously.
I'm asking because I'm worried about you.
About me?
We've performed so many concerts, hyung.
Exactly.
But you...
How many years has PLAVE been active?
Three years.
Yet you didn't even know my birthday.
That was just for the show. [Laughs]
You keep bringing it up.
I was trying to entertain everyone.
Why are you doing this?
Oh, that was intentional?
You've become very advanced.
You really have.
Wow, you're so good at broadcasting.
Twenty-Third.
Wow, that's wild.
Right.
Okay, understood.
Enough. Let's move on.
Yes.
Bamby goes first.
I'll try to answer.
Okay, let's begin.
Uh...
That's not the word.
Oh, right.
I mixed up two similar words.
I'm worried already.
Hyung sang the intro, right?
I don't know. Is that my intro? No.
Wait, it isn't.
[The song begins]
[Music]
[Singing]
[The song continues]
Okay, okay.
I know this one. I really love this part.
[Music]
[Singing]
[The music stops]
There's nothing there.
My part comes next.
If you don't know even this...
then you truly know nothing.
You just drift through life, breathing.
[Bamby attempts the missing lyric]
That's right.
You have to complete the whole part.
How far? All the way.
Where does my part end?
Until the chorus ends.
So...
I have to give all of it?
Of course. Why ask something so obvious?
Go on.
[Laughs]
Wow—an incident. You called it an incident.
You said that exact two-syllable word.
Failing this really is an incident.
[Bamby tries the lyric again]
[Laughs] Today, I... [Snorts]
What am I going to do today?
You're unbelievable.
You just live however life comes at you.
No planning at all.
You only learn your own parts.
Are you really okay?
You know nothing except your own lines. [Laughs]
Everyone, his face is completely red.
Seriously.
It looks ready to burst.
[Bamby resumes the lyric]
And then what?
[He gives an incorrect ending] [Laughs]
Bamby.
Wow...
You called this an incident yourself.
Are you causing one right now?
This can't be right. Hurry.
[Bamby tries another version]
Yes, I'm fine. Hurry up.
Do it.
[Laughs]
A hint. Give me a hint.
[Bamby guesses a rhyming phrase]
Hint, hint. I know everything up to there.
That part I know.
[He repeats the partial line]
Everything up to that word is correct?
Yes.
Then give me a hint.
[Noah supplies the next phrase]
Give me a hint.
Yes.
Seriously...
[Bamby reaches the correct ending]
Right? What comes next?
That's the end.
[They confirm the final word]
That's it.
Right. We'll stop there.
Whose part do you think comes next?
It's Noah's part.
Exactly.
I asked on purpose. [Laughs]
Ah.
[They continue reconstructing the lyric]
[Noah repeats the prompt]
[Bamby offers another ending]
Okay. Bamby's full answer...
[He recites his proposed lyric]
[The answer continues]
[Noah corrects the final phrase]
Now I'll give the correct answer.
[Noah recites the correct lyric]
[The correct answer continues]
[He finishes the lyric]
We both got it wrong. This is maddening.
[The original song plays]
[Singing]
[The correct line plays]
Wow.
Wow, that's unbelievable.
Aren't you the person who writes lyrics?
What are we going to do, hyung?
Wow.
Amazing. Wait.
Wait. What a relief.
I'm relieved.
Didn't it look like I was playing it up for the show?
It was very obvious.
You overdid it.
Really? You shouldn't play it up that much.
PLLI will feel hurt.
Seriously?
They might misunderstand, so next time...
I'll simply answer correctly.
Starting now, we're getting them right.
I'll be serious too. Okay.
Okay.
Honestly, ‘as always’ and ‘forever’...
are basically the same.
Aren't they?
No, hyung. [Laughs]
What? It's ‘still’ versus ‘forever,’ hyung.
Good. Then do I continue?
Do I go again?
Yes, Bamby does all three in a row.
Three songs.
Okay.
Next.
I'm worried people will misunderstand.
No more joking. February Twenty-Third...
PLLI is hurt now. Okay.
I'll get it immediately.
[Music]
[The song begins]
[Singing]
[Music and singing]
[Bamby gives the missing lyric]
[He continues confidently]
[Bamby completes the line]
[He finishes the answer]
Oh!
Correct. You got it.
Let's hear it. You said no joking...
right?
Perfect. What about the next one?
I have to get it right. Do that again.
PLLI is genuinely hurt.
You played it up too much at the start.
Okay, from now on...
They're hurt. Fine, I understand.
You really have to get this one right.
We're treating everything seriously now.
I think that's necessary.
This is how we proceed. One more.
We spent too long playing it up.
What have we done?
You feel pressured to give a wrong answer.
You know that feeling?
Yes. Let's stop that.
Okay.
It feels like we're not allowed to be correct.
This is driving me crazy. Let's go.
[Music] This question is far too easy.
Way too easy.
Give me a difficult one.
This is Noah's part.
[The song continues]
Wait, this isn't the stopping point. Where is it?
[Music]
[The cue line plays]
What?
Ah.
Okay, okay, okay.
Wait a moment.
[Clears throat] Oh, this is where I answer.
That earlier part threw me off.
I lost focus for a moment.
Seriously, wow.
They twisted it. [Laughs]
I panicked.
Okay. I heard the preceding part...
and expected a different phrase here.
You know what I mean?
Why did they make this so confusing?
You're talking an awful lot.
No, because—what is it?
I can't remember the melody either.
Wow.
You don't need the melody.
The lyrics alone are enough.
But the melody... [Laughs]
Without it...
Doesn't that mean you don't know it?
What I mean is...
Hey.
Seriously.
Hyung, sing just the opening melody.
Wait, because...
Look. Sit down.
This is too much. Seriously.
It's our song, ‘Pixel World.’
It's ours. You know it.
You know the part in ‘Pixel World.’
You don't know the bridge?
Hyung, it goes like this.
You don't know the melody either?
The melody goes like this.
Then what is it?
[Bamby imitates the melody] [Laughs]
Wow. This is really...
You should stop broadcasting.
Understood.
I'm serious.
Okay.
[Noah attempts the ‘Pixel World’ phrase]
Stop broadcasting. [Laughs]
You should stop.
No, seriously... Hyung...
The reason is...
This...
that other song confused me.
How can you not know a PLAVE song?
I know it, but the previous song...
and hyung’s voice kept playing in my head.
But this is a B-side from our debut.
That's not the point.
I do know it.
You may forget lyrics. Fine.
But shouldn't you at least know the song?
Then try singing the part before it.
Go ahead.
Skip hyung's section and try it.
Show us the preceding melody.
That practically gives away the answer.
It's fine.
But you genuinely don't know, right?
Right now, I don't.
Try it. Do you know it, hyung?
Of course I do. [Laughs]
I don't not know it.
I'm just taking a break.
[Laughs] I'll give you one hint.
Okay.
[Bamby sings a melodic hint]
Not that part.
Yes, I'm deliberately giving you this much.
Not the next line—the one after hyung's part.
Oh, after my part.
That gives away too much.
Keep the hint short.
Then I'll skip ahead a little.
Wow.
[Bamby gives a brief melodic hint]
I keep hearing that other phrase in my head.
Right now. [Laughs]
This is maddening. I'll give you the part...
immediately after mine.
[Another melodic hint]
I know that part.
[Laughs]
Wow. Are you sure you're in PLAVE?
That other line keeps haunting me.
What is this?
Hyung, please give me just one note...
from your melody.
Please! Hurry! [Laughs]
Fine.
[Bamby starts the ‘Pixel World’ melody]
[Noah cries in frustration]
[They repeat the melodic opening]
I'll give you two syllables.
[Bamby gives two short hints]
[Noah attempts the melody]
I may have to give you the answer.
I know it. [He attempts the melody]
I gave you everything!
I gave you the whole song.
Do you not know it at all? [Laughs]
What? What's wrong?
I feel like my mom is scolding me.
I'm getting scared. What's wrong?
[Bamby hums the melody]
[The humming continues]
I'll give you this much.
[He hums another phrase]
[Humming]
[Humming continues]
One more hint. Okay.
[Bamby hums a longer phrase]
[Noah tries to follow it]
[Laughs]
Give me one more.
[Bamby hums an even longer phrase]
[Laughs]
[Gasps]
Should I give you the entire thing?
All of it.
[Bamby hums the full melody]
What's wrong with you?
What am I going to do?
What's wrong?
Seriously, what do I do? Try it.
[Noah begins an answer]
That sound—why?
I'm sorry. Seriously... [Laughs]
[Gasps]
Okay, okay.
[Noah invents a lyric to fit the melody]
Look at that. Amazing.
[He repeats the invented line]
Are you a goldfish or something?
You've completely turned into a fish.
Can we stop here?
My part comes after that.
[Gasps]
[Noah continues his invented lyric]
[The improvised line becomes a farewell]
[He finishes the invented breakup lyric]
[Laughs]
I'm truly sorry.
Seriously, I'm sorry. [Laughs]
Ah.
This is driving me crazy.
You suddenly turned it into a breakup song.
I'm sorry.
I'm genuinely very sorry.
Seriously...
PLLI, I'm sorry. [Laughs]
I apologize to everyone.
I shouldn't laugh...
but this is making me laugh too much.
This is bad. I've laughed so much.
[Sighs] Wow.
Now let's test hyung. I...
Honestly, I write lyrics.
I may miss the moves,
but never the lyrics.
Try me.
May I have a moment to recover? [Laughs]
What?
You make mistakes all the time.
Exactly, so let's test you, hyung.
You're always getting things wrong.
That’s why I want to see hyung try.
Let's see how well you do.
Okay.
I was going to play it up for the show...
but I'll get every answer right.
All of them? Okay.
Please give me difficult questions.
I'll get them all. This one is...
far too easy.
Surely they won't give me...
something like that.
[Music]
[The prompt line plays]
This is far too easy.
[Noah begins the missing lyric]
[He continues confidently]
[Music resumes briefly]
[Noah completes the lyric]
[He finishes the answer]
[Final phrase of the answer]
Okay.
Correct.
A good start to round one.
[Laughs] That was an easy question.
Okay.
The next ones will be harder.
[Snorts]
[The next song begins]
[Music and prompt line]
[The prompt continues]
[Snorts]
[Noah starts the wrong lyric] [Laughs]
I know it. Why wouldn't I?
What was Yejun's line before this?
That isn't important.
You need to know what comes next.
That's the point.
Knowing the preceding line can still help.
That earlier phrase is confusing you.
[Noah tangles the two lines] [Laughs]
[Gasps]
[He tries again]
Why are you revealing the lyric?
That's Yejun's part.
[Laughs]
Turn it back a little.
Wait.
[The prompt is replayed]
[Noah attempts the next phrase]
Stop! Don't do that.
[Laughs]
[Noah tries to continue]
[Noah continues the lyric]
[He stops and starts again]
[Noah reaches the next phrase]
No—that isn't it. We haven't reached it yet.
Not yet.
[He repeats the partial lyric]
[Noah tries again]
Wait. Hold on.
I need to do the choreography.
The dance will help.
[He repeats the line while dancing]
[The attempt continues]
Why can I only remember that phrase?
What? This one?
[He begins again]
Eliminated.
[Noah trails off]
Give me the answer. Wait.
[He makes one final attempt]
[The line continues]
What is it?
Was it that phrase?
[The original song plays]
[The correct lyric is revealed]
[Laughs]
Wow.
Okay.
I accept it. But my wording...
meant practically the same thing.
One more mistake and we're tied. Okay.
Okay. Give me the next one.
Let's go. Please make it difficult.
A hard one. Hamin forgets choreography too.
You know that, right?
Hamin?
I haven't really seen that.
Yes.
He doesn't remember everything.
If we dance again after a long break...
even Hamin often forgets parts.
Ah, right.
Even experts make mistakes sometimes.
Exactly.
This is so...
[Music]
No, not here. Good, good.
You did well. [Laughs]
[The prompt line begins]
[Singing]
[Music]
[The song continues]
[Prompt line]
[Noah begins his answer]
[He continues with uncertain wording]
Give the answer precisely.
It has to be exact.
Wait. Wow.
Say it precisely.
Not yet. [Laughs] Come here.
[Noah repeats the line more carefully]
No—that word, not the other one.
Try again. It has to be exact.
[He compares two possible words]
[Noah attempts the full phrase]
No. Again.
That was right, wasn't it?
Start over and say it exactly.
Okay. [Noah recites his answer]
[The answer continues]
That lyric makes no sense. Again.
Try it once more.
What did you say earlier?
Right, that's it.
What word did you use before?
[Noah supplies the word]
Think carefully one more time.
Does that sentence make sense?
Don't cheat.
No, seriously.
Be exact.
No. You just looked at it.
The answer appeared. [Laughs]
What exactly are you throwing?
Your body? You're not an iron man.
Your body?
[Laughs]
Wait. [The original song plays]
I got lucky with that one.
[The correct line plays]
[Music]
[The answer continues]
[Correct lyric is revealed]
That was so easy. Look...
can you feel the difference in our level?
Hyung’s prompts were shorter than mine.
Your missing lyrics were rather short.
That earlier one was extremely short.
I admit it. Which one was it?
What?
The ‘Pixel World’ one.
[Bamby recalls Noah's invented lyric]
[He trails off]
Something is strange.
This is driving me crazy.
[Laughs] Am I okay today?
Seriously?
I'm a little scared.
Honestly, you're not entirely okay.
You were similar, hyung.
A little better than me.
Yes.
Let's try other members' parts.
If you keep going like this...
you could dig yourself even deeper.
Or redeem yourself.
Yes.
Will you prove yourself?
Or you might prove the opposite.
[Laughs]
It's fine.
Okay.
I'll prove myself here. Let's go.
Hyung, mine were...
See? PLLI says my questions were harder.
They're all saying it.
Where? That my questions were difficult.
Where do you see that? Over there.
Really?
No, there...
They mean ‘Pixel World.’
Oh.
Yes. Now, if we had a choreography contest...
Everyone, honestly...
I have about a one-percent chance of beating Bamby.
No.
Bamby forgets choreography faster than I do.
Later on, at least.
He learns choreography extremely quickly...
and forgets it just as quickly.
I take much longer, but remember it for ages.
That's true.
So after enough time passes,
I know the choreography better than Bamby.
Even in a game I'm guaranteed to win...
I don't sound confident.
Are you confident about choreography, hyung?
We don't have time today. [Laughs]
We've already spent too long.
Okay, okay.
Here comes the next one.
[Music]
[The prompt line begins]
[Singing]
[The prompt continues]
[The song continues]
[Prompt line]
Wait, this isn't the stopping point again.
It's here.
I know all of this.
It really feels like you're doing this on purpose.
I was just...
You really...
No, I do know it. I love this part.
I really do.
Because this is my specialty.
Wow, seriously.
Stop talking and sing it already.
Go on. But wait...
I...
Yes?
Whenever I'm broadcasting...
I get very nervous.
So I'm a little worse than usual.
That happens.
Fine, I understand.
[Noah begins the lyric]
[He continues]
[Noah reaches the prompt phrase]
[He trails off]
There's more after that.
[Noah invents the next line]
[He offers another improvised phrase] [Laughs]
Just commit to it completely.
Go all the way in that direction.
It only has to make sense.
Exactly.
That's what I mean.
[Noah restarts his invented lyric]
[He continues dramatically]
[The improvised lyric becomes more absurd]
[Laughs] I think I understand now.
[Noah finishes with a sustained word]
Wow.
This is one possible method.
I'm simply expressing my feelings.
That's all.
Right.
It's better to be confidently wrong.
I learned that much from Yejun.
You need that confidence. [Laughs]
I learned from Yejun-hyung. Okay.
We were playing it up, so let's move on.
No more playing it up. Try it properly once.
We need to move to what we prepared.
We need to do what we prepared, hyung.
We prepared this. You try, hyung.
I know it. Give it a try.
I got the opening right.
I did.
That next phrase was correct too.
Yes, the opening is right.
Exactly.
Then what comes next? [Snorts]
Let's stop. [Laughs]
Okay. I'll give the answer.
I know it. [Snorts]
[Bamby begins his answer]
[He supplies the next phrase]
[Singing]
[Bamby loses the lyric]
See? [Laughs]
[Gasps] Wait.
[He restarts the answer]
[Singing]
[Bamby invents the following lyric]
[The improvised line continues]
Wait.
I told you it wouldn't work.
[Noah repeats the opening]
[He continues the phrase]
That part...
Keep going.
[They propose another word]
[The attempt trails off]
Come here. [Shouts]
Wait—start from that word.
[They repeat and distort the phrase] [Laughs]
Then the next part...
Yes, that phrase is right. I know that too.
I understand now. We need to understand the lyric.
That's the key.
[They restart from the clear phrase]
Then...
No, that sound can't come next.
The preceding phrase already used it.
[Noah repeats the prompt]
Right.
[He invents another continuation]
It is definitely not that.
[Bamby offers an implausible lyric]
Oh my. Something like that.
[They repeat the improvised phrase]
[Noah adds another invented ending]
Something like that.
I think so.
[They sustain the final word]
That's it. That's it!
I'll sing it that way once. Okay.
Let's go.
Go, go. Wait...
This isn't right. The latter part worries me.
I'm not confident.
[They repeat the prompt]
That phrase is right.
But what comes after it?
[Another improvised continuation]
[Noah suggests a different line]
[They repeat that version]
It's a word about night. Night.
[They restart from the prompt]
Then...
No.
[Bamby proposes another night-related phrase]
So that word appeared.
[Noah tries a new ending]
[Bamby offers another version]
Something like that.
[They repeat the opening again]
[The guesses continue]
[Both lose track of the lyric]
[Sighs] [Gasps]
We'll stop now.
Yes.
My brain feels tangled.
Bamby dragged me into it.
Ah.
[The original song reveals the answer]
That was right. This part too.
[Correct lyric plays]
[Music]
[The answer continues]
[Correct phrase is revealed]
[Music and singing]
[The final answer plays]
I used my entire brain today.
Bamby completely tangled me up.
It's because you're beside me, hyung.
I can't think because of you.
Exactly. [Laughs] What I wanted to say...
would’ve returned without hyung.
That's my line.
Seriously.
Today is unbelievable.
This is driving me crazy.
It isn't easy.
Days like this happen.
Everyone, this is just a show.
Please watch it simply for fun.
As long as it made you laugh, I'm happy.
Seriously.
If it was funny, that's enough for me.
At the end of a tiring day...
I want PLLI to watch us...
and laugh happily.
It's fine if I look strange.
I can look like someone who doesn't know the lyrics...
or doesn't care about our songs.
You know that isn't true.
I did it all for PLLI.
If it made PLLI happy...
that's how you should think about it.
Yes.
Same reason? Mine too.
I truly did it for PLLI.
Okay.
They'll understand our sincerity.
Yes.
Okay, understood.
That whole ‘proving yourself’ thing was a lie.
Okay.
I should have stayed quiet.
I stepped forward for nothing. Okay.
Anyway, everyone...
we brought another prepared segment.
We did. It never ends.
What did we bring?
Tell us.
I haven't tried making a custom character yet.
And hyung is known...
as the king of customization.
So for our final taming segment...
I thought we could create each other.
That's the idea.
Noah-hyung can make my face...
and I can make Noah-hyung too.
I can make Noah hyung too.
We're creating faces.
I think it'll be fun.
Really?
You haven't seen the Eunho I made, right?
I saw it earlier.
I mean you hadn't originally seen it.
Oh, I did.
You hadn't.
It was well made.
Right?
It has an incredible amount of detail.
Want to see it?
Can I look at it properly?
Let's see it again after all this time.
First, I'll start it up.
I made Eunho. What do you think?
Wow, did hyung make the back hair too?
You need to zoom in on this.
Zoom in on the face.
Get closer.
You want me to move closer?
No, not you. [Laughs]
Adjust the camera to bring it closer.
Oh, okay.
Ah.
There it is.
How do I zoom? Oh, okay.
Bring it forward. What is that?
Why are the eyes doing that?
I included Eunho's personality too.
It's built into the character.
He's doing that because he wants to talk.
Make him speak and his eyes will return.
Normally, his eyes...
No, that's not it. Make him talk.
Look.
Bring in someone else for now.
This isn't working. We need help.
Talk to him.
Do all of it.
Up on this side.
A little farther inside.
What are you doing?
Isn't he asking for a neck chop?
A neck chop?
Neck chop! Wow.
A neck chop.
Higher up.
A bit more over here.
Like that.
Here.
A little harder. There—it's back.
See? What do you think?
Thank you.
The hiccups stopped.
How is it? I did well, right?
Look at the detail beneath the eyes.
I can do that too.
Then I want to try. How do I do this?
Which button?
But suddenly...
asking someone to hit your back for hiccups...
was a new one for me.
Everyone, here's a hiccup tip.
When you have hiccups...
hold your breath and take water into your mouth.
Then bow your head while holding your breath.
Drink the water little by little...
without breathing until it's gone.
Your hiccups will disappear completely.
Is that option here too?
Probably not, right?
I'll do it for you.
Today's segment is Bamby creating me.
That's what we're doing.
Oh, I see.
Hyung is easy.
This is hyung's hair at the company.
[Laughs]
Hyung's usual...
This is his hair before it's styled at work.
Everyone, remember Noah-hyung's usual look.
Now...
Mine may not be easy.
And when Hamin arrives before styling...
his hair... [Laughs]
No, over here.
[Laughs] Let's see his everyday hair.
Look.
Wow, that's exactly like Hamin.
And here...
Everyone, Hamin always gathers his hair...
toward the center when it's styled.
It must be difficult to keep it there.
Normally it parts outward.
Right, it spreads apart.
Only for broadcasts is it styled inward.
Normally it stays parted.
Who is this? This is Eunho.
His bangs sit slightly like this.
This is Eunho before his hair is styled.
Eunho is really pretty, isn't he?
Exactly.
Very pretty.
And next...
I don't think my hairstyle is here.
Your hairstyle isn't here either.
I don't think mine is here.
Noah-hyung, there's this one too.
No, not that. I nearly chose it.
I avoided it. Which button do I press?
Ah.
Yes.
You can customize the back too.
Right.
Yejun's usual look is right here.
At the side. Scroll down.
To the right. That's everyday Yejun.
This one.
The headband. This.
Yejun always looks like this normally.
Yes.
It's the ultimate look.
We really do look like this.
And Bamby.
Where is Bamby?
Come out, Bamby.
He isn't here. Yes, he is—scroll down.
Bamby's usual look...
Oh.
Mine is a little...
To the right. That one.
That one.
This? Yes.
You're joking again, hyung.
Come here.
It moved past it.
How do I control this?
This...
How do I select it?
You're really bad at games.
That's certain.
It's A, right? A isn't working.
You're bad with the controls.
Mine is about this much...
It isn't exactly like this.
Did you mean this one? No.
This is similar.
Anyway, back to Noah-hyung.
There isn't a hairstyle like mine.
Right?
Can we copy the bangs separately?
Start with the bangs.
Make the front first.
But...
I built mine this way too.
Hyung keeps... Anyway, the back is important.
That's the key.
The front is important too.
Style it so it doesn't poke the eyes.
Now the back...
Doesn't this look like Gu Jun-pyo?
I...
The one on the right is Gu Jun-pyo.
True, but I'll use this for you, hyung.
Make it look like Noah. Like Noah.
We haven’t added the back hair yet, hyung.
Not yet, hyung.
You haven’t seen the finished back, hyung.
People really do have different talents.
I'll show you how it's done.
There. What is this supposed to be?
Look at Eunho. You did make him well.
I made that one.
Okay.
Hyung, give me tied-back hair.
Actually, let's not tie it.
If it's tied, there's no hair at the back.
Oh, here it is.
A long tied style.
The A button isn't working.
Press it properly.
This style...
looks okay.
That is me.
No, the face isn't finished yet.
That's why.
Yes.
But right now...
at this stage...
it looks like a certain sunbaenim.
Exactly.
At the moment, hyung still...
isn't finished.
My dear... [Shouts]
Enough. It looks like he dyed his hair.
No, hyung.
I'm not finished yet.
[Clears throat]
[Snorts] Hyung has arched eyebrows.
No, not that.
Maybe around this much. No.
Eyebrows are surprisingly important.
[Sighs]
As this progresses...
he's starting to look like someone...
Yes?
Like...
a Western general...
from The Lord of the Rings.
It's the hair.
This may be the best one.
He looks ready to wear silver armor...
ride a white horse...
and charge into battle.
The styling is gradually coming together.
We need this part.
Yes.
Oh, so the eyes can do that.
Wow.
Hyung does have a rather fierce look.
Strong and intense.
And over on the right...
you can change their position too.
Their position? Yes.
Use the controls on the right.
You can make them smaller or larger.
Move them closer together...
or farther apart.
There. That's right.
You can resize and move the eyes.
Make them a little smaller.
You can also narrow and stretch them.
Stretch them upward or squeeze them.
That's it.
The nose needs some work.
This isn't right at all.
Here it is. This is the best one.
I told you I'm not joking. Look.
It's starting to resemble me.
The lips should be pale pink.
This is cute.
This looks like someone from Britain.
Like...
A wealthy older lady. No, hyung.
No, hyung. The colors aren't right yet.
Someone living in Europe...
Hyung is that very rich lady.
That's what hyung looks like.
[Laughs]
Being rich sounds good. What's wrong with that?
Enough. Use this one. It's perfect.
One hundred percent you, hyung. [Laughs]
But the lips...
It's perfect. We don't need ears.
The hair hides them anyway.
This is fine.
But here's what this resembles...
the archer hyung mentioned earlier.
No, it's gradually...
starting to resemble someone else.
It's Thor—the protagonist of Thor.
Ah. Thor?
The protagonist?
Isn't the man who fights with an axe called Thor?
Yes, that's right.
It looks like Thor...
after losing weight and getting plastic surgery.
Ah.
He came to Korea...
and had surgery.
Are you finished already?
How do I exit? Press L and R.
Exit with L and R. I pressed them.
You really are bad at this.
[Sighs]
Wow.
I won't add glasses.
What is this?
Ah.
The pupils. Got it—wait.
Look.
Wow. What is that? It looks prettier.
This one is hyung after recording.
We can't use that.
This is hyung looking worried.
Let's leave that out.
I'll change the eye color.
Everyone, while Bamby erases my features...
and turns me into someone else...
I'll perform some magic.
I have a trick to show you.
Out of nowhere...
Yap!
[Groans and shouts]
Hey!
PLLI...
What is this? Stop it.
Stop.
I'm finished with the eyebrows.
Thank you. Okay, got it.
The eyebrows, just once more.
I know.
Oh!
This is it.
Done.
Now for face paint.
Face painting.
There are a few options. Use this.
This one isn't bad either.
That isn't a mole.
A pimple appeared there...
then disappeared after keeping me awake.
It left a permanent mark.
Isn't that what happened?
No.
Done. How do I finish?
You're finished?
Yes.
[Laughs]
Now make the body.
We need to set the height. [Laughs]
Wow.
About this much.
What is this? Should we add muscles, hyung?
No. Hyung is slim.
Keep him slender.
About...
this much.
Done. What now?
Name: Noah.
[Laughs]
No-ah.
That isn't N. Use B.
Wow.
Confirm.
We should add a symbol.
Hmm.
Try putting a flower beside the name.
Like this.
My name is Noah.
Yes.
My name is King. Hyung...
do you want princess or prince?
Choose prince.
Is there an alien option? No.
Ah.
[Gasps] You're putting me through a test.
[Snorts]
Stay still. You didn't know my birthday.
Remember?
You learned it and forgot immediately.
I didn't forget. Wow.
Isn't that my age?
What? Why are there so many options?
This humble one's name is Noah.
Yes.
All right.
Actually, knowing the 23rd...
might be better than nothing.
At least you knew February.
I'm grateful for that.
I'm not joking. I truly am.
No jokes.
Seriously.
I'm not joking.
Someone told you the answer.
Who told me? Nobody said anything.
Not just now.
The person beside you.
This humble one's name is... [Laughs]
I look forward to your kindness.
This humble one's name is Noah.
Please take good care of me.
Who is that supposed to be?
Okay.
Is this some kind of MBTI test?
This isn't easy.
That ending is very blunt.
PLLI might misunderstand.
Really? Please don't misunderstand.
Seriously, don't misunderstand.
[Panting]
What does that mean?
Right, right.
Wow, it simply dismisses people.
This result...
says ‘proactive, relentless effort type.’
The higher the goal, the more motivated you become...
but you're also a little careless.
You turned him into a fish skeleton.
Are we finished?
We need to play with him.
This is the right door, isn't it?
Here we go.
[Game sounds]
[Laughs]
Why are you tormenting him?
Where should I touch?
Somewhere else. His stomach?
Oh, I'm supposed to pet him?
Now leave the house.
[Snorts]
Hmm.
So this is how the controls work. Okay.
You control him with this.
Okay, okay.
Put everything down. Is Yejun okay?
Are you all right?
Yes.
Why are Yejun's double eyelids so thick?
That looks rather greasy.
Far too greasy.
Half his eye is double eyelid.
I think I did a better job.
Who made Yejun-hyung? Hamin.
Hmm.
Still...
it is him.
It isn't great, but...
the longer you look, the more it feels right.
Exactly.
That's what I was aiming for.
It gradually draws you in.
Is this Hamin?
Hmm.
Press X.
Hello, Your Excellency.
We need to see his expressions too.
Ah.
Oh, that's not it.
Hey, hey, hey.
Oh, like this.
Oh, a level-up.
Huh? It's giving us a gift: a mini personality.
How do I greet them with applause?
You feel a little different now.
That's how it feels.
What is this?
Would you like to do it for me?
Hmm.
Oh, someone important.
A little neater.
Oh, a present.
Clothes.
For Hamin's everyday clothes...
Let's dress him in something he likes.
Hamin likes this kind of look... Ah, this is a bit...
This one is a little...
You know the kind of look Hamin likes.
Over there.
But that leans too heavily into his own style.
That's why.
Yes.
Hamin likes the one on the right.
He likes tops like that, you know.
Oh, really?
Wow, I really can't picture that.
Right. Or the one underneath.
He likes this one too.
This is completely Bamby's style, though.
There. Yeah.
A mini style.
We're styling him, right?
Oh, it's on the left. Okay, okay.
Done.
Done. That's it.
Right.
Oh, that suits him.
Okay.
What do we do now?
Done.
Good job, our Hamin.
Okay, okay.
Okay, okay, okay. I'll open it
for you.
All right.
This game is really hard. You're
really bad at it. Why are you so bad
at the controls?
Let's go outside.
Why are you so bad at this?
Oh, I do this, right?
Yeah, that's right.
I'm asking why you're so bad at it.
What are you doing?
I need to listen to this too. Okay.
Okay, got it. Got it.
Oh, I have to play before I can make
the next person. I didn't know.
Apparently you have to play before you earn
the right to make the next one, everyone.
We have to progress.
You want the mood changed? Okay.
Just wait.
Yes. Progressing isn't easy either.
It really isn't, because...
there are so many things we want,
and as you can see, even the graphics
make this a very complicated game.
There, it opened. Once this is done,
we can make one. Now, our Hamin...
Our Hamin.
He's progressing things even here.
The MC is dragging this forward here too.
It can't be helped.
From the Studio Playform Center, news
about the residents...
[Snorts]
We've finished Eunho too. His style
looks great.
Eunho likes interior design and things like that.
Right? We need to choose the cheapest option
for the best value.
Yes.
Thank you.
Great.
No. For things like this, Eunho...
Please help me again next time.
Sure.
Press A.
Welcome.
You're seriously terrible at this.
Please give me some next time too.
What do I do?
Press A to go inside. Ah...
Okay. Done.
Now we should decorate Eunho's house
in white.
He likes things clean and simple.
Okay, let's just go with black and white.
The house menu.
Excuse me, excuse me.
The room's identity...
Nice.
It's so pretty.
Let's see.
Hey.
I love it. I love it. It's great, right?
Ah! [Screams]
I love it. It's exactly my taste.
Hey, hey. That was exactly his taste.
Right.
I...
All right, number 52.
Done. Now...
Okay.
It'll change, then.
Now...
shall we make him?
Let's do it. If you watch the news...
There's news again.
There's more news.
Yes.
Let's leave it.
Oh, so we can.
Seriously?
Yejun...
Yejun is here. He's here.
Choose from the bottom. All right.
Hyung has to...
No, how should I do this? Seriously,
should I do it like Eunho, or like you
did me?
Please take it that seriously.
Like Eunho?
Like Eunho.
Seriously. Even more seriously.
Yeah. Okay, okay.
The important thing is, Bamby looks young.
People with youthful faces have one trait:
their faces are short.
A short face.
But...
it needs to be pointed.
There isn't a short, pointed one.
There isn't.
I'll have to change the face to make it pointed.
Can't I change it? First, the skin...
It's too red.
Should we go with embarrassed Bamby?
Or regular Bamby, everyone?
[Laughs] Wow, this one...
Embarrassed Bamby really is exactly this.
When he got Pixel World wrong earlier,
he was exactly this color. [Laughs]
Let's use this. Or normally...
Oh, I think this one is good too.
This is different, so let's use embarrassed Bamby.
This is too embarrassed. I'll go with
about this much embarrassment.
A little less.
Definitely. Definitely.
All right, we'll use embarrassed Bamby.
Yes.
A little...
I naturally have a slight blush too.
That's yogurt. Ah, about this much.
Okay, okay. About this much.
Oh. Oh. Yeah.
All right.
Next is the hair. Ah, the bangs first.
The bangs gather toward the middle,
so they're kind of close together.
I'll make this quickly, everyone.
They need to gather in the middle...
What hairstyle has close-set bangs?
All bunched together.
This is going to be hard. The hair is
a little difficult. Huh?
Either this, or...
Do it properly.
Properly. I am doing it properly.
Because the game saves this.
Seriously, we should gather all five
of them.
Exactly. But you have to do a good job.
But that's what I did.
No, no. Hyung is genuinely upset.
Make him charming.
Yes.
I'm upset.
But there isn't any hair.
Right. There isn't one that fits.
I could use something similar to Hamin's.
Yeah.
Yes.
What? I was only going to do the bangs.
There isn't a single one.
What's the closest one? Ah...
This is similar. This is similar. Hey,
I'll add the back hair here.
The back hair matters. We don't know yet.
Not yet.
I'll choose the back hair. Honestly,
there isn't any. Oh, like that...
Hmm.
It's either this or this. Ah,
right. The one on the right... this
kind of look.
Oh, it sticks out a lot.
Why is there so little volume? The bangs...
The bare head... Ah. [Sighs] [Gasps]
[Snorts]
That one on the right is fine. The right one.
Oh, come on.
Ah.
What? There are sets too. Why does it
change on its own? See? This game is hard.
Oh, it's broken right now.
Back hair again. Back hair. This is it.
Yeah, right. That's it.
This is it. Oh, it came out like this.
This is the closest, right? Now the color.
The color. This matters too.
Oh, oh.
Oh, that's going too far. Damn, it's
too much.
Yeah, that's too much. This is the closest
to mine. Right? Similar, isn't it?
Is it because of the face?
[Gasps]
Go back, go back. Y.
You don't have a secondary color.
No secondary color. [Snorts]
What even is a secondary color?
I don't need highlights or anything.
Okay, hair is done. Now the eyes. But...
I can't make the face shape smaller.
I need to make the face a little smaller.
Ah, this is Bamby.
A chubby Bamby. Chubby Bamby.
Is it because of the face?
How about the first one? Ah, yes.
The second one. The second one.
Ah. This is the closest.
Yeah.
Uh, this... Never mind.
Either this...
or this.
I think this one looks more like me.
Ah.
This one. No, no. The left.
Left, left.
I'm the one doing it.
Ah.
[Laughs]
Okay.
Eyebrows. Now for the eyebrows.
The eyebrows rise slightly.
The one on the right.
Straight across.
That's the kind of look we're going for.
The one on the right. This one, right?
Like this. That's it, that's it.
Go with this shape, then angle them
slightly downward.
Yeah, because the angle is too sharp.
Oh, so this was possible.
This one is too...
Yeah.
About this much. Oh, it rotates.
I should raise it.
Oh, nice, nice. You have talent
for this.
About this much. Yeah.
Then make them slightly narrower.
Yeah, narrow.
Yeah.
My eyebrows aren't that thick.
Oh, his whole impression changed. Eyebrows
really are important.
We'll go with this. All right.
Is this the right color? The color is
a rather deep pink.
A bride.
Hey. Hey.
Seriously.
But this gives off a younger-sibling
kind of feeling. You know what I mean?
Ah.
It's this sort of look. It needs to be
a little darker.
Aren't they all on the right?
Ah, this is it. This is it.
This one. This is it, this is it.
This brings him to life. This is it.
This looks much better.
Oh, but this really is it.
Oh.
This is it. Not bad.
Okay. Next, the eyes.
The eyes are important.
Now that I've done it once, my hands are
getting faster.
The eyes need to be big, first of all.
You know what I mean?
And the outer corners stick out slightly,
because of the eyeliner
he always wears.
So I need to make eyes whose outer corners
sweep upward.
Let's find them.
All right.
But those eyes aren't here.
They aren't. Then I'll just choose
the really big eyes for now.
Pretty, big eyes.
Big, doe-like eyes.
Wow.
That's too intense.
Hey.
Not bad.
Ah.
Hey.
This should be easy. Wow.
Wow.
There's no other way. I'll have to use
those big eyes from the beginning.
Ah.
Okay, that's what we'll use. Ah.
Make it cute.
We need to check the color too.
Hey... [Sighs] Wow. This isn't
easy. This really isn't easy. Pink...
Wow.
The further we go...
Wow, wait.
This is the closest.
The darker one is closest.
This is the closest. It's this one.
Yeah.
Ah, now this has that kind of feeling.
It shines.
But something about it doesn't
feel right.
Then can't you just leave it off?
This one is genuinely scary.
I recently watched a horror movie.
[Laughs]
Wait. Honestly, there aren't any eyes
I can work with.
I have to choose something here.
I have no choice but to try them.
In a caricature style.
That's what I'm trying to do.
Ah, that's too...
Wow.
Hey. Wow.
This isn't easy.
This one. This is it.
This is the best one. Here's how
you do it: take this
and raise it slightly.
Yeah, raise it. The eyebrow... Ah, I put it
too close.
What? What? What? What? What?
What?
Okay, okay. From here, just slightly...
Ah, this isn't easy.
Wow. Isn't there one?
Nothing?
Oh.
Yeah.
That's too much. About this much.
Yeah. Oh.
That looks good.
Wow. Okay, this much isn't bad.
Not bad. I think it's fine.
Okay. Next...
Ah.
This is where the details come in.
The eyelashes...
I need to raise the outer corners.
Ah.
This goes down too far.
Okay.
Ah, come on.
The under-eye fullness. Ah.
Oh.
Ah.
If I do this... If I do this, it's scary.
Oh, there are details like this too.
I'll do it like this.
You consider the lower part of the eyes
very important.
Yeah.
You know what I'm trying to do, right?
You're trying to lift the overall look
a little.
It really changes the whole impression.
I'm trying to match it. Like this.
It could be a little smaller.
I think this is starting to look
pretty good.
Raise it. Okay, like this.
Oh.
Next... Uh-huh.
Wow.
Let's go. The eyes are important.
Ah, this too...
Hey, it's Bamby.
This is it. Did it come out well?
I guess that doesn't work. Okay.
The eyes are done. Now the nose
is important. Let's do the nose.
[Snorts] The nose needs to be small.
And pointed, you know? Our noses
have evolved a lot, after all.
Evolved.
We need to show the evolved nose as it is.
In my opinion, this is
the standard choice. We have to use it.
We have to use this one.
But the nose is too big. Oh, I need
to shrink it. Hey.
The nose and eyes are almost touching,
actually. About this close. There.
The lips. The lips are even more important.
The mouth matters too. The lips are slightly...
Subtle lips. Oh my.
Okay, okay, okay. Ah, okay.
Okay. Yeah, okay, okay.
Let's see.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Should I make them smaller? Hmm.
Hmm. Bamby does normally have lips.
Oh, this will be cute.
[Laughs]
Ah.
Okay, I'll use this one.
We'll use this and change the color a little.
It's too vivid. Mine have a slight tint.
Ah. Ah, about
this much. This much. Ah, that's too strong.
Ah. This much should work, in my
opinion. Go in from here
and make them a little smaller.
Oh.
How about this kind of look?
Oh, that's too majestic.
[Snorts] Too big. About this much. Yeah.
Yeah. So the lips should go a little higher. Ah.
Or not?
Ah, that's too small. Okay.
Can you lengthen the philtrum?
No.
Like this. [Gasps]
Wow, this isn't easy. It's too short.
About...
this...
About this much. This much. Ah, damn.
Yeah, something like this.
It's a little disappointing. The lips
are a bit disappointing.
This one... I'll have to use this.
It doesn't have enough of that feeling.
The lips are too thin. Mine aren't thin.
I'll use this. Yes. Now,
the ears. My ears are big too.
Ah, the ears are showing.
I should make them a little smaller.
About this much. Hmm. Okay. No glasses.
What's on the face? Ah, Bamby now...
For Bamby, we have to express that.
Yeah.
All right.
Now...
Should we go with Chae Bonggu or not?
Let's go with Chae Bonggu.
Oh, no. This one. [Laughs]
Okay. Now...
Ah.
What is this?
Oh, it's for the eyelids.
Wait. Okay, let's
use this. Oh, it's makeup.
Bamby needs to have this.
Oh.
This is it. We'll use this. Ah, this too...
Ah, this...
needs to be pinker.
Is it not very visible? It is, it is.
Okay, we have to use this.
Now it stands out. Next...
Like this.
Make it bigger.
Hmm.
Okay. Bring one more together. Okay.
Done. Next...
Draw face paint. What is this?
No, that's not it.
I said no. Finished.
Finished. Oh.
Bamby. Ah, height is important. No, no.
That's too much. Why?
It's a little excessive.
This isn't right.
A little more...
Honestly, that's a little too much.
About this much.
Ah, this...
It does look like a big difference from hyung.
About this much. Wait, the height first...
Height? You are short, to be fair.
Ah, if I make this too extreme...
No, it isn't creepy.
Okay, okay.
This makes it look like you.
I like it. I like it.
I really like it.
This part should be reduced, though.
I like it. I like it.
But if this is too...
What? Where did it go? The body...
Ah.
This is too skinny. It isn't cute.
There's no cuteness.
Ah.
What?
Ah, this...
About this much. Oh, cute. Cute.
I like it. Okay, okay.
Done.
Bamby.
[Snorts]
My name is Bamby.
Go back.
Hey, go back. B.
My name is Bamby.
Okay.
Bam...
You don't know? You know this one, right?
Please be quiet. February...
[Snorts] What day?
Ready? What was it?
My name is Bamby.
What is it?
The voice.
My name is Bamby.
My name...
My...
My name is Bam.
My name is...
My name is Bam...
My name is Bamby.
I look forward to getting along with you.
An action.
Hurry, hurry. I have to do everything again.
Okay.
[Snorts]
Oh.
Yeah. Hyung...
Yes.
Yeah.
Everyone, we've now
finished Bamby. Wow.
They're all finished. All five of us.
Finally.
Great. [Sighs] Now...
What? The end? We're done, right? Is it over?
Everyone, we're back.
We've only been looking at ourselves like that,
so you should see the real us again too.
Okay, okay. Let's take a screenshot.
Okay, let's have a screenshot moment.
Bring the camera in.
Camera in.
Ah, a flower.
Oh, it's empty.
Umbrella, umbrella. The small umbrella.
Ah, it's raining so much.
It's nice, though.
Yeah.
I like getting rained on.
You like being out in the rain?
Yes. They say it'll rain today. Want to
try standing in it?
Rain? Yes.
No. Not today.
You're saying we can?
Yes.
Why?
You know this? You stand like this,
then gather the umbrella up and shake it,
and all the rainwater comes off.
All right.
Now, the flower.
We need to water the flower. Did you drink?
Have some water. You need water.
This one too. Now let's go inside.
Hup!
Ta-da! Everyone...
When it rains like this, we can't leave out
music either. But
I'm curious what all of you do when it rains.
On Terra, people usually think of
makgeolli and pajeon.
We don't think that way on Asterum.
Yes. That's the standard on Terra.
The standard.
Makgeolli and pajeon on a rainy day.
Everyone...
To everyone listening to the radio,
and everyone driving, please take care
on the wet roads.
We'll reveal today's playlist with our final song
and bring this beautiful night with you
to a close.
Yes.
Everyone, we're in the middle of the rainy season,
so it's been raining
very heavily.
Yes. Always be careful.
So we don't have to worry, prepare in advance
and remember to take an umbrella.
Okay? It gets cold at night too,
so take even a light layer. Be very careful.
You really have to drive carefully.
Be careful. You know underground parking garages
at apartment buildings? Their floors
get very slippery. You have to go really slowly.
Don't even press the accelerator. Seriously,
be careful about little things like that.
Right.
Yes.
So...
what is today's playlist?
Today...
It's playing. It is, but you can't hear it, everyone.
[Noah and Bamby sing]
[Singing continues]
[Music]
We should get rained on.
You're going out in the rain?
Everyone...
They say it'll rain again this evening.
Bamby, be careful. Everyone, it's raining.
Be careful today.
You know, right? What do you know?
Your face...
Why is the song so quiet?
[Singing resumes]
[Singing continues]
[Singing] [Music]
[Music] [Singing continues]
[Singing continues]
[Singing] [Music]
[Screams]
[Singing resumes]
[Singing] [Music]
[Singing continues]
[Screams]
[Laughs and cries]
Bye.
Bye! [Screams]
Bye. Ah.